I can't believe flowers
can bloom even in this dump.
Delmon.
Thanks to your tireless hard work.
I finally get to see the real thing.
Thank you.
Nah. One's not enough.
Let's cover our whole house in those flowers.
Big Man!
My... sweet Rudo?
And...
Girl!
As you can see.
Amo's got lots of fans now.
Are you still gonna try
to bring the party down?
I'll ask you all...
to endure this.
Vital instrument—Tokushin.
Why. you...
Sons of bitches!
I'll never let you hurt her again!
Net.
Wh-What is this stuff?
Rope?
Aw. look what you did to Amo's room!
Do something. you guys!
It would better not to move so much.
The more you move. the tighter it'll hold you.
I'm very sorry...
I was hoping the pain
would snap you out of it.
but I guess not.
What a meanie!
You wanna experiment so bad.
you'll hurt your own friends to do it?
But the experiment failed.
To help Amo. they'll find a way to escape.
no matter how much pain
it puts them through.
It's gonna get bloody!
My vital instrument is a distaff.
Do you know?
Its a staff used for winding thread.
Winding complete!
And...
Psycho lady capture complete.
Go on.
Return them to normal already.
Better make it snappy.
I'm not likin' how damn surreal this looks.
Also. I didn't do much this time.
That's untrue.
Knowledge that she was
fighting multiple enemies
would have put a mental burden
on our opponent.
And I think calling her "cow"
was quite effective.
Tomme!
You were wearing your mask? Thank goodness.
How's Enjin?
Still nothing.
I put the mask on him. but...
I see. We'd better get
the med team to look at him.
Hurts... It hurts...
No one's been this rough with Amo in ages!
You're awful... awful...
Meanie. meanie. meanie. meanie!
Help Amo!
She's starting up again.
But nobody can move—
Unforgivable.
Unforgivable!
You better get ready.
I'm gonna get outta here...
and kill the shit out of every last one of you!
Enough.
You like her that much. do you?
Then I'll release you.
What the hell?!
Tamsy.
You went way too damn far.
I'd say that's handled.
Handled?! You killed your own—
See? See?
This is what happens when
people don't just talk to Amo!
Your true nature shows itself
even when you try to hide it!
They're all on death's door
because you're so awful!
Zero harmony with your friends at all!
Huh?
Zanka. did you forget the thing?
Wait. I think you did.
They're all allowed to reduce damage
from one hit. even a fatal one.
I mean. remember?
We all got the spell drawn on us. right?
By Remlin.
That's right. We're all fine.
Including me.
I'll be taking these boots. if you please.
I hope they got the info about the border.
B-Boss...
Given the people we sent.
I doubt there will be a problem.
You look rather unhappy. still.
Is it because of what you saw in Rudo?
Why don't you tell me?
What did you see when
you first laid eyes on Rudo?
It really ticks me off
when people only wear one sock.
Huh?
Hey...
Are you not wearing socks at all?
Give that back!
That belongs to Amo!
Give it back! Give it back!
Fine. fine!
You...
Don't you touch that boot!
It'll lose that person's smell...
"That person"?
Give it back!
Holy shit!
Don't sniff it. you jerk!
How long has Enjin been healed?
You were wearing this stinky thing?
Healing internal hemorrhage
with a spell is something else.
Am I gonna survive this stench?
Give it back! Give it back!
He was fine when
I started administering aid.
Stop it! Just stop!
He was playing possum
until he could see his chance.
Oh. shut up already!
Give it back!
I see.
Cancel your ability and return
everyone to normal. and I will.
Amo can't use her power with just one.
So everyone won't protect Amo now.
What in the world have I been doing?
Looks like the spell did its trick.
Remlin did good work.
Tamsy. Zanka.
What happened back there?
Glad to see you're back in your right mind.
You were just affected
by that woman—Amo's—power.
A smell that makes you remember
happy times with someone you love.
She used it to make you think
she was that person.
It was quite difficult.
I see.
Then... she hasn't come back to life after all.
There's somethin' nasty about her power.
All the more for those who've lost
someone important to them.
The richer your memories
of those happy times are...
The harsher the reality you return to.
Nasty as hell.
Everyone's got masks on. right?
Here.
Hey. What now. Enjin?
Even if we give up on getting info and leave.
she's way too dangerous.
We can't leave her out here.
But outside of her instrument.
she's just an ordinary. powerless girl.
And I'd feel weird about taking
the instrument that means so much to her.
Let's just try to convince her
not to hurt anyone—
Oh. brother.
Amo feels sick.
Amo's whole house got ruined.
Oh. brother!
Doesn't anybody here feel guilty?!
The hell is wrong with you?!
Rudo?
I've seen a lot of people in my time.
But what I saw in Rudo. I've never seen before.
It's not just his gloves.
What's unusual about him is...
You took your mask off?
You can't get enough of Amo's smell. huh?
What in the world...
There's something growing inside of Rudo.
Put simply. it's like... yes...
It's like something
that could destroy the world...
Episode 12
Something Like a Curse
Something like a curse.
Hey!
Rudo. enough! Calm down!
That's enough!
We know how to cancel out her ability.
There's no need to go that far.
Besides. she's a girl.
Who gives a shit?
Because she's a woman.
I'm not allowed to fight back?
Because she's a woman. I'm supposed to shut up
and let her kill people I care about?
I can't do that.
That's not what I mean!
You're beating up on someone who's powerless—
Powerless. my ass!
She's a Giver!
She tricked us and almost got us all killed.
However she looks on the outside.
inside she was laughing at us.
stomping down on us.
She deserves a damn pummeling.
I see.
So that's your thought process.
So...
How do we get the info now?
Let's have a little talk. shall we?
Tomme. Get her patched up. would you?
Yes. sir!
Why aren't you saying anything?
Huh?
Well... it looks like you've realized
what's going on already.
You got emotional and forgot
why we came here. right?
I...
The whole time I was in the Sphere...
I always had to take it.
No matter what people said to me.
I was told to hold my temper. To endure it.
But when they sent me
to the Ground. I realized...
If I tried to hold it in. I'd lose.
And just now. I realized...
I've gone back to how I was.
The version of me before I learned patience.
who just hit the people around me
with all the darkness welling up inside me...
After all this crap I've been though.
I haven't really changed.
Above or below. any growth I think
I've gone through is just an illusion.
I'm still a shitty little brat!
As for me...
I like hot ladies.
Smarter than me. with curves and
sex appeal and a forgiving personality.
I love 'em so damn much.
But ladies and kids with complicated needs.
I have a lot more trouble with.
Y'know? That's not a thing
women are happy to hear. right?
The fact that I can't hide that stuff
is one of my bad traits.
Even we adults have tons of crap
we need to grow out of.
So if you want to grow. that "realization"
is the thing you really need.
I was brought face-to-face
with my faults ages ago.
You realized yours on your own.
Which means...
Heck. man. we've got nowhere to go but up!
Let's go apologize together later.
Sorry about that.
We didn't mean to take things this far.
I really am sorry.
I'm happy to talk as much as you like.
if you don't mind me!
I love talking romance too!
You'd make a good mama.
You think?
Amo's mama was a good mama too.
Mama is the reason Amo met her first love.
And that Amo got her treasure.
And saw the angel that goes between
the Sphere and the Ground.
I see. The angel...
The Sphere and the Ground?
Hey...
What'd you just say?